prereqs:
    terminal emulator running BASH or ZSH
    git commandline
    code editor (recommend vscode)
    notepad editor
    Azure CLI v2
    Azure Subscription with owner role

Process Notes...

1. clone Repo -- git clone https://github.com/lorax79/AzureDays/master

2. open folder in code editor

3. open a notepad to note important information

4. open ./OMS/omsMaster.parameters.json in code editor
    specifiy empty parameter values
    MAKE NOTE OF OMS WORKSPACE NAME in open notepad

 - Open terminal emulator and:
    Run 'az login' and run through steps for device login
    Run 'az account show' - Make note in Notepad of your Subscription Name.

5. open deploy-oms.sh script file
    edit empty variables
    save changes to script

6. open a terminal emulator and change the working directory to the directory you cloned the repository into
    Run 'sh deploy-oms.sh'
    Script will output the OMS workspace ID - Note this value in your open notepad editor

7. Go to https://portal.azure.com and log in. 
    show steps to get to workspace key
    note workspace key value in notepad. 

8. open deploy-keyvault.sh in code editor
    edit empty variables
    ensure workspace key matches value grabbed from portal in step 7
    ensure that the variable SSHPUBKEYFILE contains the path to your SSH public key file.
    save the changes to the script

9. run 'sh deploy-keyvault.sh' in terminal emulator
    once the script is complete, it will output your Keyvault ID.  Copy and paste this value into your notepad.
    run 'az keyvault secret list --vault-name <keyvault name>' to see a list of the secrets created by the script.


10. open deploy-linuxVMs.sh in the code editor. 
    edit blank variables
    

11. open Linux-CentOS-VM-Template.parameters.json in your code editor
    edit the empty parameters
    for the parameters sshRSAPublicKey and workspaceKey, copy the Keyvault ID from step 9 into both Id values. 
    Note that the secret names are hard-coded in this instance and were used in the keyvault deployment script.
    Note the value specified for 'adminUsername' in your notepad editor - you will need this to connect to your VMs
    save your changes to the parameters file

12. run 'sh deploy-linuxVMs.sh'
    Once completed test connectivity to your VMs using ssh '<adminUsername>@<fqdn or IP>'
    Note how your RSA public key was deployed to the VM via the Azure Keyvault.

13 - post-provisioning steps need to be identified.  NGINX website? 


